1.	What did you like about this website?

I really like the layout of the home page, good use of pictures with light colors makes 
it more visually appealing. The information on the about us page gives you a good background 
and makes it more personal. I think people reading this site would feel more connected from it.

2.	Describe one significant difference between your own P1 site and this person's. E.g.

One significant difference is that other than the home page yours is very bland in color. 
You don’t always need a lot of color and your page still looks visually appealing without 
it but that is one big difference I noticed.

1.	Which has a better user experience (and why)?

I think we both have a very similar user experience. Our navigation around the page is 
very similar with a navigation bar that can take you to any page. We also both made it 
so that the navigation and everything still works well on a handheld device. 

2.	Which codebase do you think would be more maintainable (and why)?

Because mine isn’t as organized, your codebase would be easier to maintain longer, 
although having one stylesheet for everything can either make it harder or easier to 
maintain because you have to be very careful with your ids and class names.

3.	Is the code well-structured within files, and well-organized between files and directories?

Yes, the code is very well structured within the files and the files are put into folders for 
images and css. Really well organized.

4.	Did you find any other issues? If so, briefly enumerate them.
1.	were semantically appropriate elements selected

yes, I think you used all the right elements and they were very semantically appropriate.

2.	is the CSS refactored to limit duplication?

Because the css is all in one file, there is no way to really have duplication so that is a positive.

5.	Do you have any other constructive comments for the author?

I like your site a lot, I think it is simple but still says a lot and is visually appealing. Great work!
